[p. 2-3] It was four o'clock, and Spot, the fire dog, was dreaming about rabbits.
Bob, the fire chief, was in his office watching baseball on television.
The other firefighters, Linus and Maple, were in the gym playing table tennis.
[p. 4-5] Suddenly, the alarm rang.
There was a fire at the library!
Bob, Linus and Maple all put on their fire clothes
and jumped in the fire truck.
Spot was already in his seat right next to Bob.
[p. 6-7] They raced across town,
and as soon as they passed the train station they could see the smoke coming up from the library.
Outside the library, there were lots of cars, and lots of people,
and everyone was running around, shouting loudly.
[p. 8-9] Linus and Maple pulled out the fire hose,
and Spot barked at anyone who came near the fire.
Then a woman ran up to Bob. She was crying.
“My little girl is still inside. You have to help her!”
“It’s very dangerous,” said Bob,
“but we’ll do everything we can to save your little girl.”
[p. 10-11] Maple sprayed water on the fire,
and Linus broke down the door.
Bob got ready to go inside.
Suddenly, Spot started growling and pulling on Bob’s pants.
[p. 12-13] Bob stopped to look at Spot,
and just then a big piece of wood fell in front of the door.
“Spot, you saved my life!” cried Bob.
“Now what are we going to do?
We have to save the little girl,
but we are all too big to get inside,” said Maple.
[p. 14-15] That’s when Spot jumped through the door and ran into the burning building all by himself.
It was hot and dark in the library,
and the smoke hurt Spot’s nose, but he didn’t give up.
After a few minutes, he heard a noise.
It was a little girl’s voice calling, “Help! Help!”
[p. 16-17] Spot listened carefully and followed the little girl’s voice.
She was hiding behind a big bookcase,
crying, and too scared to move.
But when she saw Spot, she stopped crying.
Spot licked her face, and carefully pulled her by the hand.
The little girl stood up and followed Spot.
[p. 18-19] Pieces of burning wood fell down around them,
but the little girl wasn’t scared at all.
She felt safe with Spot.
Spot led the little girl all the way out,
and just as they got outside, the whole roof fell down with a crash.
[p. 20-21] Spot got his picture in the newspaper,
and everyone said he was a hero.
But, Spot didn’t care about all of that.
He was happy because he made a new friend.
